Rewrote / restructured documentation (#392)
FreeCAD/FreeCAD-addons: Documentation/Installation/Manual.md

# Manual Installation

> For any reason the first option is not available, then manual installation is always possible. Github provides users to '[Clone or download](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository)' each of the addons listed in this repository. They can be downloaded by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for any reason the first option is not available, then manual installation is always possible. GitHub allows users to '[Clone or download](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository)' each of the addons listed in this repository. They can be downloaded by:
```
